Find Your Heart's Desire and Realize Your Potential

      One of the most wonderful and exciting facts about your life is that you already know a lot of the things you need to know to become the person you want to be. You have your "heant's desire" deep inside of you. There's something that you were put on this earth uniquely to accomplish. There's something that you, and only you, can do. And when you find your heart's desire, you'll have the key to unlocking your potential inevery other part of your life. You'll have the key to happiness, satisfaction, fulfillment and the joy that's your natural birthright.

　　Take Some Time to Determine Your Ideal Lifestyle

　　Take some time to determine the kind of person you'd like to be, and the kind of person you'd have to become in order to live the kind of life that you'd like to live. Remember, you can't accomplish it on the outside until you become it on the inside.

　　To unlock your inner potential, you must set very clear, challenging and,yet, realistic goals and then make plans to accomplish them. You need to work,step-by-step, every day, in the direction of your dominant aspirations. You need to develop an unshakable level of self-confidence that makes you virtually unstoppable.

　　Momentum Is the Key to Long-Term Success

　　The momentum theory of success simply says that while it may take lO units of energy to get you moving in a particular direction, it takes only one unit of energy to keep you moving once you're in motion. You have the principle of momentum working in your favor.

　　How do you use the momentum principle in your life? Well,it's simple.

　　Let's say that your goal is to become financially independent. To do this,you have to pay off all of your existing debts and build up a cash reserve of three to six months of living expenses. When you reach that point, your entire personality will change. You'll be more clearheaded, you'll be more positive,you'll be more determined, you'll be more optimistic, you'll be a finer and better human being when you absolutely know that you're not dependent upon anyone for your living expenses. You'll be able to choose the job you want to do and go to the places you want to go. You won't have to tolerate any situation that you do not enjoy or that you feel isn't the best use of your personal potential.

　　If you simultaneously work on strengthening your self-discipline and using it to achieve the goal of financial independence, you'll become a better, stronger and more powerful human being. You'll cast off the bonds of helplessness and begin to feel that there's nothing in the world that you can't do or be or have.

　　When you set clear goals or objectives for yourself, when you dream big dreams and then determine to become the kind of person who's capable of achieving the kind of goals that you want to achieve, you convince yourself, at a deep, subconscious level, that you're absolutely unstoppable. You realize at last that nothing in the world can hold you back except your own thinking,and you don't even let your own thinking limit your potential.

　　What Beliefs Might You Have that Are Holding You Back?

　　Each one of us has feelings of inferiority that are manifested in the conclusion that we are not good enough. We think that we are not as good as other people, and we feel that we are not good enough to acquire and enjoy the things that we want in life. Very often, we feel that we don't deserve good things. Even if we do work hard and achieve some worthwhile objectives. we believe that we are not really entitled to our successes, and we often engage in behaviors that sabotage our successes.

　　The fact is that you deserve every good thing that you are capable of acquiring as the result of the application of your talents. The only real limitation on what you can be and have is your absence of desire. Ifyou want something badly enough, nothing in the world can stop you from getting it. if you are willing to persist long enough and hard enough. Over and over. we find that our beliefs, more than anything else, actas the brakes on our capacities. We have high hopes and dreams and aspirations, but we let doubts creep inand undermine our competence and effectiveness.